---
layout: post
title: Welcome 2015
---

The traditional "first!" on this blog. Quite a rebirth from my other blogs. This time, it will be a focus on my career in development and possibly (ultimate goal), entrepreneurship. This year 2015 should be a good year!

## My Focus and Pursuits this Year

### Full Stack Agile DevOps Engineer

Quite a lot of buzzwords! In fact, it is a title that does not even exist. I'm currently Senior Front-End Developer, but I am transitioning towards the title for myself personally and hopefully start getting some traction towards building a lean startup. Lots of ideas, very little time.

### On the case of "Agile"

It is a different world we live in now. Transition time must be shorter and execution must be faster. Ideas everywhere and innovation is king.

I believe being "Agile" in every area and processes is the holy-grail towards surving and thriving in this fast-paced world. Almost every industry is moving doubly faster every year and innovation is everywhere. Execution must adapt to the continually changing world and requirements.

### Dev Ops

Containers and Docker changes the playing field. Being able to start and stop "vm" in less than a second is amazing! More than that, having layer and operating the server in a "git" fashion is pure magic! Developers now are able to be involved in deployment and server management. In fact, sometimes it is now expected. It is quite exciting to have this technology and it definitely is spreading like a wildfire.
